Cinnamon Toast Crunch aims to provide the taste of cinnamon toast in a crunch cereal format .
Potts was given the keepership of Skalme Park by King James in 1615 , to breed and train the king 's hounds .
Peuton is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France .
After this date , when he had moved to Frankfurt , his monogram became ` HSB ' .
The Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria is the official name for the largest Christian church in Egypt .
On this day it is customary for men to give the women in their lives â `` mothers , wives , girlfriends , daughters , colleagues , etc. â `` flowers and small gifts .
Gimnasia won the final 3 â `` 1 with goals by Hugo Romeo Guerra , FernÃ ndez and Guillermo Barros Schelotto .
Metal leaf , also called composition leaf or schlagmetal , is a thin foil used for decoration .
The Soviet film industry was solving the sound-film issue without him and his films , techniques , and theories were becoming increasingly attacked as ` ideological failures ' and prime examples of formalism .
There was also a trilogy of TMNT video games for the original Game Boy system made by Konami , consisting of : Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : Fall of the Foot Clan , Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II : Back from the Sewers , and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III : Radical Rescue .
`` She was a thinking bosom and one who overpowered her young lovers , all Sybil â '' a Romantic . ''
Fulacunda is a town located in the Quinara Region of Guinea-Bissau .
Yoshiki Nakai -LRB- born 4 January 1983 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
This was because Percy had not been subject to legal attainder , despite his treason , and the 1405 and 1406 letters-patent had therefore not taken effect .
The hill was viewed then as an `` excellent sanatorium '' , as the air was `` cooler and fresher than the plain , producing an agreeable exhilaration of spirits '' .
Hampden has hosted prestigious sporting events , including three Champions League finals , two Cup Winners ' Cup finals and a UEFA Cup final .
Whilst contemporary providers of Wi-Fi struggled with the same issues , providers of DECT retreated to the more immediately lucrative market for cordless telephones .
On 31 December 1879 , Bram and Florence 's only child was born , a son whom they christened Irving Noel Thornley Stoker .
The Treaty of Amritsar was signed on March 16 , 1846 , to settle a dispute over territory in Kashmir after the First Sikh War with the United Kingdom , ceding some land to Maharaja Gulab Singh Dogra .
Hydrobromic acid has a pKa of 9 , making it a stronger acid than hydrochloric acid , but not as strong as hydroiodic acid . Hydrobromic acid is one of the strongest mineral acids known .
Pressing the button a second time would begin a two-player version of the same game that includes Ms. Pacman for player 2 .
Hence , articles should be fixed only as time permits , not in a frantic rush to reach encyclopedic `` perfection '' .
It usually serves a purpose such as a charitable gathering , a ceremony , or a celebration , and is often preceded or followed by speeches in honor of someone .
A colleague was discussing his 401 -LRB- k -RRB- plan with his boss , who happens to be female , via instant messaging .
A few months later , he was invited to join the band , which played mostly in Texas and Oklahoma .
It is the third most populous suburb of Paris -LRB- after Boulogne-Billancourt and Argenteuil -RRB- .
The island , which is actually a giant `` lion-turtle '' , provides Aang with the power of energybending and leaves him on the Earth Kingdom shores .
Hadrons are categorized into two families : baryons -LRB- made of three quarks -RRB- and mesons -LRB- made of one quark and one antiquark -RRB- .
It was the first release to include the new Fedora Extras repository .
It is a charity , with approximately 60 % of its funding coming from voluntary donations by private individuals .
His epitaph reads : `` Here lyes Henry Purcell Esq . , who left this life and is gone to that blessed place where only his harmony can be exceeded . ''
John Laing & Sons -LRB- Holdings -RRB- Ltd was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1952 .
He was the husband of jazz singer Dame Cleo Laine , who survives him ; they married in 1958 .
-LRB- For further information on Alderney concentration camps , see Appendix F : Concentration Camps : EndlÃ sung â `` The Final Solution ; Alderney , a Nazi concentration camp on an island Anglo-Norman ; for further information on Nazi treatment of Jews and other people , see -RRB- .
Postcodes are used in Australia to sort and send mail to the correct address .